Brainstorm for Yoodlize, Testing:
1.	Navigation and home pages are at the bottom of the page.
	Not very user-friendly.
2.	Create an account
	Account verification bugs
	The location of the sign-up is not obvious for the users.
	Not intuitive.
3.	Login/sign-up
	Sing-up incomplete
	Forgot user info.
	Footer is not c
4.	Broken links
	Ex. map is broken.
	Sometimes our Map shows items and other times it does not.
	Map specks are not correct in general.
	Inconsistent with search results.
	Desktop version adjust to phone if the screen is minimized
5.	Any category from the home page search all or see all, give you results up to about the 5th page: Not showing all results.
6.	****** our search for the Rubik’s Cube did not produce results. It would be nice to get a message of “items not found ect…”


	After spending some time exploring Yoodlize, what are your first impressions? Shaky work.
	Is the site easy to use? NO
	Is the user experience/flow of the website easy to navigate? No


Yoodlize Search Test “Rubik’s Cube”
No rubiks cube to be found during search
o	Search from the home page
o	Search from the advanced search both do not work together or give the same items.
o	Only two items appear
Click on the first result:
	First item: “Crystal Cube of Destiny”: no action
	The rent button does not allow users to rent unless users are from Utah.
	Searching for a cube gives the same results.
	Search does not adjust with the changing of the zipcode
	Searching with Yoodlize, produces different results from each and any search.

Positive list: 10min


•	Clear story/ concept
•	Easy sign-up
•	Categories
•	Handles images logically and consistently

Known issues are all listed above within our brainstorm.

Related notes are placed together in our first list.

Lastly, let’s work more on increasing confidence! Take 30-40 minutes writing up a report of the issues you’ve found so far, 
and your honest thoughts with Yoodlize! Remember that we are increasing others’ confidence in us as a QA if we tell the truth about how we feel about the website!
Push your work to your GitHub account so that your education team can review your work.

Testing Yoodilize, a lot of thought and consideration went into the concept. It's a new way to make use of your sitting items, and I'm sure that contributes to a better environmental footprint if less items are purchased and tossed away.
Yoodilize has great features that, from a QA and UX/UI perspective that could use some tweaking. The data frame is extensive and vast, however, 
Searching through this database is not quite polished. It seems to be in beta mode. 